you're really going to marry a boss but
then we've always questioned your taste
in men afraid the pheromones are wearing
off our Tom is all we need your groom is
coming to be proper we would ride
bulletins here through incense clouds
this is proper enough
you can still back out if you want thank
you know this scroll contains our oaths
read and I will begin you who have no
family come to join the family of Naya
10 who birthed G ton under the prophecy
of ten thousand seeds you come to bind
yourself to a son of bast on we are
children will you become voss with me I
will become voss with you a child no
longer will you embrace the traditions
of our people will you walk with the
vast to our destiny I will walk the
thousand-year path so long as you are
beside me
fightin will you pledge your dreams
pour your life into my cupped hands as I
will for you I would have no other then
we walk before the flame
so long as prophecy allows we are one
only the word of a mystic will break our
bond may it never happen only the right
of our door remains we may end here if
you wish
you may as well tell me on Voss our
passions are suppressed until marriage
the right of our door awakens intensity
and creates a bond between husband and
wife will you spend this night with me I
wish you all the best but let's not make
this marriage more than it is forgive me
they're returning the others gather they
will walk us to the carvings of the
nightmare lands no one will deny us
tomorrow morning you will journey into
darkness we will find the path now